the two men are studying the world
problem of infertility sudden sister
ginfa feels something is wrong she
stopped researching want to go out and
see bearded brother said she made a fuss
at this moment there was a loud noise
heaven and earth plunged into darkness
only a ball of fire outside the window
is shining screen turn a cute little
baby is growing up
is it a godsend let these two people
unlock the world problem of infertility
ten years have passed in a blink of an
eye boy has grown up boys are always
silent in class
a man painted a strange symbol today the
teacher asked a question about bees no
one in the class knows the answer
the boy's answer shocked everyone but it
also attracted ridicule from the whole
class only xiaomei gave him encouraging
eyes in the middle of the night the boy
entered his dream suddenly a strange
sound rang the boy convulsed violently
in the bed he seems to be called somehow
sleepwalking like crawling out of the
room and disappearing into the long
night sister blonde feel something is
wrong she looks around finally i saw my
son kneeling on the ground in a
warehouse it seems to have some kind of
magic madly pulling the basement door
still muttering blonde sister stretched
her hand to her son's shoulder suddenly
[Music]
the boy is finally quiet
sister blonde looked at the basement
door but i feel uneasy in my heart
is there some kind of hidden secret
underneath bearded brother asked her
what's going on sister blonde had to
make up a prevarication brother beard
goes out the next day let my son mow the
lawn no matter how hard he works the
lawnmower just won't start the boy
suddenly got mad and pulled
the heavy lawnmower flew out suddenly
boy looking at hands can't believe my
eyes
is there really some kind of magic
hidden in the body he found the
lawnmower want to verify again
sure enough the boy is not a normal
person the child suddenly possesses
uncontrollable supernatural power not a
good thing besides he has a strict
father this day the boy celebrated his
12th birthday uncle gave him a shotgun
as a gift brother beard said it was too
dangerous to confiscate it the boy
suddenly furious
a birthday party just broke up like this
soon a series of weird things happened
bearded brother found that the boy
twisted the fork into a twist easily
blonde's sister also found that her son
collected a lot of bloody photos to
compensate for their son they decided to
go camping obviously mr beard still
doesn't know the situation he regarded
his son's weird behavior as the sprout
of adolescence the dunky head is wrong
with the horse's mouth the sun
disappeared that night
the computer in xiaomei's bedroom
suddenly turned on in the middle of the
night playing strange music she got up
and turned off the computer and turned
around music plays again xiaomei looked
back the closed computer turned on by
itself the terrified xiaomei closed the
computer again i also pressed
[Music]
definitely said the person outside the
window is her classmate the other side
blonde's sister panicked looking for her
son in the woods the boy suddenly
appeared behind her sister blondie was
shocked you need to know the two places
are 30 kilometers apart obviously the
boy has the ability to teleport i found
a boy with supernatural power the next
day start designing exclusive superman
clothes for myself and the unique logo
sister blonde praised him for his good
paintings but don't know the dangers
coming bearded brother saw his son
staring at the chicken coop strangely
those chickens seemed to be frightened
so nervous he asked his son what he was
doing and he remained silent the beard
brother was awakened by the cry in the
middle of the night and walked over to
take a look all the chickens were
brutally killed he suspects that his son
did it because the wolf can't open the
lock but jin jin still doesn't believe
it how could such an honest child do
such a cruel thing at the second day of
physical education the teacher let's
play the game of willow in the wind it's
the person in the middle falling down
around other students take the
initiative to help since the last fright
xiaomei is afraid of the boy she
intentionally doesn't help let the boy
fall heavily to the ground xiaomei also
scolded the boy as a monster the
classmates roared with laughter at the
teacher's request xiaomei had to help
unexpectedly the boy used a little force
xiaomi's mother found school scolding a
boy as a freak not only broke my
daughter's arm and sneaked into her room
asked the police to arrest him the
sheriff and principal only agreed to let
the boy take a leave of absence for
psychological counseling the boy's eye
is looking out the window xiaomei's
mother felt a deep fear come home sister
blonde told brother beard about the boy
going to the warehouse this makes
brother beard very upset because the boy
is not their own and this child grows up
sold i have never been injured it's not
normal at all night the boy heard the
call again in his dream he came to the
basement and trembled
keep repeating in order to conquer red
light flashes in the basement all the
magic in the boy is awakened sister
blonde was attracted by the red light
and ran over to check she found her son
was hanging in the air with her yelling
the sun suddenly fell and was scratched
by a machine this is the first time my
son was injured and there stood a huge
spaceship in the basement i can't hide
it anymore jin jin had to tell the truth
it turned out that one night 12 years
ago a spaceship suddenly crashed near
her home
they found a cute baby in the space
capsule the couple who were worrying
about not having a child adopted him and
this baby is the boy now
i'm grateful to hear that these boys
have not been adopted i only feel angry
when i was concealed he broke the photo
and rushed out of the house repeating
instructions in the mouth two horrible
rays of light suddenly appeared in the
eyes
[Music]
he came to xiaomi's house again express
your favor to her but was rejected
xiaomei said my mom told me not to talk
to you completely irritating the boy who
will be doomed this time
in a closed restaurant many strange
symbols appeared on the glass
inexplicably then the lights flickered
in the wind gusts
suddenly the ceiling light burst the
glass pierced this woman's eyeballs she
hurriedly hid in the storeroom the heavy
iron gate was easily cut open by a light
in a trance a boy in weird dress flew
towards her xiaomi's mother is missing
the attentive sheriff spotted a weird
symbol the other side the boy is
counseling with his aunt ant's surprise
discovery boys have no sense of violence
and talk about his own uniqueness it
seems to him that killing is nothing
great
ant decided to report the result of
psychological counseling to the sheriff
at night the boy suddenly came to warn
his aunt if you dare to tell the sheriff
about him i want you to look good how
could auntie be threatened by a little
kid the uncle who came home was scared
by the boy in a weird mask he grabs the
boy and prepares to send him home the
boy suddenly burst into flames in his
eyes shoot uncle more than 10 meters
uncle was completely frightened he
hurriedly drove away on the way the car
was controlled by the boy and fell from
a height of tens of metres before death
he found that the boy was dipped in
blood from him drew a strange symbol he
seems to enjoy the pleasure of killing
boy go home shirtless he lied to his
parents to play football with his
classmates sister blonde received news
of her brother's death in the hospital
my younger siblings told them the boy
used to go to their house brother beard
feels something is wrong the next day
sister blonde told the boy's uncle's
death he continued to eat without
expression beard asked if he went to his
uncle's house last night the boy didn't
want to answer and turn to leave brother
beard grabbed him the boy was suddenly
furious and pushed him away seemingly
lightly push brother beard flew straight
out smashed the cabinet and the family
was terrified by his energy taking
advantage of the boy's opportunity to
take a bath guy beard found the boy's
hidden clothes it was covered with blood
he concluded that his brother's death
was related to the boy but jin jin
didn't want to believe it a 12 year old
boy would lift a car
it must be brother beard drinking with
his brother last night caused this car
accident brother beard was helpless to
take the boy out to hunt i want to take
the opportunity to make a break the
other side the sheriff found the same
symbol in two cases
by reasoning he thinks this symbol is
the two letters b it's the abbreviation
of the boy's name brother beard took the
boy away the next day the sheriff found
sister blonde ask her if she has seen
this kind of symbol sister blonde lied
that she had never seen it before
actually she knew her son had painted
such a pattern a long time ago send away
the sheriff sister blonde open her son's
picture album in addition to these
symbols there are more scary content
wearing a mask and a cloak to shoot
through the eyeball to control a car in
the end it is to destroy the earth
conquer the human blonde sister looks
terrified husband's worries are right
she called quickly but it was too late
at the same time beard brought the boy
to the woods after struggling for a long
time he finally raised the shotgun pull
the trigger at this son who has been
raising for more than 10 years the
bullet hit the boy's head but he was
bounced away the boy turned and looked
at brother beard if he used to have a
trace of kindness to his adoptive
parents this shot completely irritated
him
hurriedly load the bullet and raise the
gun the boy has disappeared the big
thing is not good he turned and ran the
boy reappears already wearing a weird
costume he shut the beard directly with
a golden light the boy connected to
sister blonde's phone warned bearded
brother on the phone be careful of your
son he will really kill at this time the
boy is floating in the air he stared at
the door and didn't do anything
the police rushed to receive an alarm
call from sister blonde as soon as i
arrived at the door i was taken away by
a gust of wind sister blonde fled
outside the house hand scratched she
suddenly remembered that the boy had
also been scratched by the spacecraft
maybe that's the way to restrain him
sister blonde rushed to the warehouse
immediately remove a piece of metal from
the spacecraft as a weapon suddenly
turning around she saw the tragic death
of xiaomei blonde's sister has no time
to be sad she is going to influence the
boy to wait for the maneuver listening
to sister blonde talk about the
suffering of nurturing these years the
boy seems to feel the warmth the two
embraced tightly behind their backs
sister blonde has quietly raised her
weapon when he succeeded the boy
suddenly grabbed her hand with a pained
expression on his face he yelled he
hugged sister blonde and flew directly
to the sky above the clouds the boy is
expressionless slowly let go of his
hands blonde sister falling into the
clouds at this time a passenger plane is
coming the next day 268 passengers died
at the scene of the air crash a
blood-red cymbal was left on the
wreckage of the plane
the expressionless world is destined to
be not peaceful with him the story ends
here after watching the movie summarize
the eight words adoption is risky and
spoiling needs to be cautious